README.md, before:

## This repo replaces www.andreipopa515.com, my first personal website published in 2015.

### Contact and background 
Portfolio: [https://www.andreipopa.dev/](https://www.andreipopa.dev/) 

The Emergence of Individuality: [https://psyarxiv.com/m87an/](https://psyarxiv.com/m87an/)  
Imperfect automata: [https://psyarxiv.com/wgp4e/](https://psyarxiv.com/wgp4e/)  

Google scholar: [https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-C2nxZsAAAAJ](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-C2nxZsAAAAJ)  

Research Gate: [https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Andrei_Popa5](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Andrei_Popa5)  
Oopen Science: [https://osf.io/8hz5f/](https://osf.io/8hz5f/)[https://osf.io/8hz5f/](https://osf.io/8hz5f/)  
Google drive: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d6QlunZ_zh-mTXB1H2u0C5DQC7Vjmq5U](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d6QlunZ_zh-mTXB1H2u0C5DQC7Vjmq5U)  

Twitter: [https://twitter.com/fixmachina](https://twitter.com/fixmachina)  
Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/andrei.popa.1000/](https://www.facebook.com/andrei.popa.1000/)  
Youtube: [https://www.youtube.com/@andreipopa-yh2bi](https://www.youtube.com/@andreipopa-yh2bi)  
Linkedin: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-andrei-popa/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-andrei-popa/)  
Github: [https://github.com/ap-dev1](https://github.com/ap-dev1)  
Mastodon: [https://ohai.social/@fixmachina](https://ohai.social/@fixmachina)   


Popa 2009, Masters thesis: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/8k71nj12p?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/8k71nj12p?locale=en)  
Popa 2013, dissertation: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/9880vr10s?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/9880vr10s?locale=en)  
Hackett 2019, fascinating: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/rr171z32k?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/rr171z32k?locale=en)  
McDowell’s Lab: [http://psychology.emory.edu/clinical/mcdowell/labwebsite/People.htm](http://psychology.emory.edu/clinical/mcdowell/labwebsite/People.htm)  
Complaint 2020: [https://www.mediafire.com/file/vq108bgxlsrvuk4/POPA_v_MCDOWELL_2020.pdf/file](https://www.mediafire.com/file/vq108bgxlsrvuk4/POPA_v_MCDOWELL_2020.pdf/file)  

Phone: 404-484-8368  
Buy me a coffee: [https://ko-fi.com/fixmachina](https://ko-fi.com/fixmachina)

Commit message:

urls fixed, original homepage, deleted the manual addition of gh-pages as dep, used hashed router, updated README

README.md, after:

## This repo replaces www.andreipopa515.com, my first personal website published via Wix back in 2015, when know anything about web development. Now I do, and since I will lose my domain name soon, I decided to rebuild it and deploy it here, via github pages. 

### new link: https://ap-dev1.github.io/andreipopa515/

### Portfolio: [https://www.andreipopa.dev/](https://www.andreipopa.dev/) 

### Contact and background 

The Emergence of Individuality: [https://psyarxiv.com/m87an/](https://psyarxiv.com/m87an/)  
Imperfect automata: [https://psyarxiv.com/wgp4e/](https://psyarxiv.com/wgp4e/)  

Google scholar: [https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-C2nxZsAAAAJ](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-C2nxZsAAAAJ)  

Research Gate: [https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Andrei_Popa5](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Andrei_Popa5)  
Oopen Science: [https://osf.io/8hz5f/](https://osf.io/8hz5f/)[https://osf.io/8hz5f/](https://osf.io/8hz5f/)  
Google drive: [https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d6QlunZ_zh-mTXB1H2u0C5DQC7Vjmq5U](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1d6QlunZ_zh-mTXB1H2u0C5DQC7Vjmq5U)  

Twitter: [https://twitter.com/fixmachina](https://twitter.com/fixmachina)  
Facebook: [https://www.facebook.com/andrei.popa.1000/](https://www.facebook.com/andrei.popa.1000/)  
Youtube: [https://www.youtube.com/@andreipopa-yh2bi](https://www.youtube.com/@andreipopa-yh2bi)  
Linkedin: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-andrei-popa/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-andrei-popa/)  
Github: [https://github.com/ap-dev1](https://github.com/ap-dev1)  
Mastodon: [https://ohai.social/@fixmachina](https://ohai.social/@fixmachina)   


Popa 2009, Masters thesis: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/8k71nj12p?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/8k71nj12p?locale=en)  
Popa 2013, dissertation: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/9880vr10s?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/9880vr10s?locale=en)  
Hackett 2019, fascinating: [https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/rr171z32k?locale=en](https://etd.library.emory.edu/concern/etds/rr171z32k?locale=en)  
McDowell’s Lab: [http://psychology.emory.edu/clinical/mcdowell/labwebsite/People.htm](http://psychology.emory.edu/clinical/mcdowell/labwebsite/People.htm)  
Complaint 2020: [https://www.mediafire.com/file/vq108bgxlsrvuk4/POPA_v_MCDOWELL_2020.pdf/file](https://www.mediafire.com/file/vq108bgxlsrvuk4/POPA_v_MCDOWELL_2020.pdf/file)  

Phone: 404-484-8368  
Buy me a coffee: [https://ko-fi.com/fixmachina](https://ko-fi.com/fixmachina)
